I dare you to make your funniest monkey face.
Peel a banana with your feet.
Taste a dirty sock.
Eat a spoonful of mustard
Lick the person's sock closest to you.
I dare you to ask your neighbor for a roll of toilet paper.
I dare you to ask someone to do your makeup blindfolded.
I dare you to do 10 dares made up by your friends.
I dare you to lick a players' shoe.
I dare you to prank call a random person with an accent.
I dare you to wet willy the person across from you.
I dare you to say bad comments to everyone you see pass by.
Dance like a crazy person on your favorite song.
Run around wearing socks on your hands, pants for a shirt and a shirt for pants, for 3 minutes.
Say the pledge of allegiance in your most hated teacher's voice.
Run down the street in your pajamas.
Have the person to the left of you do your makeup ... blindfolded.
After everything you say add "Whoa ... I'm good!" for the next 15 minutes."
Ask a neighbor for a roll of toilet paper.
What is one annoying habit of each person in the room?
Stand in your front yard, wave and say 'Hi!' to everyone you see.
Moonwalk across the room.
Pretend that you are underwater for the next 10 minutes.
Act like a gorilla for one minute
Smell a dirty sock for ten seconds.
What would you do if you won $100,000,000,000,000?
Sing your favorite song in a funny voice.
Have the other kids wrap you in toilet paper.
Bite into a lemon slice.
Go outside and pour a cup of ice cold water over your head.
Hold an ice cube in your hand until it melts.
Eat a pudding cup without using your hands.
Go outside and yell "I believe in fairies" loudly three times while clapping your hands as fast as you can.
Sing the "I'm a little tea pot song". Do all the motions
Eat a mouthful of crackers and then try and whistle.
Act out a favorite scene from a movie.
Spin around with your head on a bat 5 times and then jump rope.
Say the alphabet backwards as fast as you can.
Give every tree in the yard a big hug and tell each one that you love him/her.
For the next hour wear lampshade on your head for a hat.
Let the person standing closest to you do your make-up crazy. Keep it on for at least an hour.
Stick jelly between all your toes and leave it there for 20 minutes.
Go into the front yard and do the chicken dance for one minute - Don't forget to bark. 
I dare you to Put an ice cube in your pants pocket and keep it there until it completely melts.
Give a piggyback ride to or receive a piggyback ride from another player.
Lick the palm and back of hand for the player directly across from you
choose another player and repeat everything they say for the next 3 rounds.
Place some food on a plate on the floor do push-up over the plate and eat a bite every time you go down
Have another player write the name of their first love on your forehead.
Eat a packet of ketchup
Bite into a lemon slice
Ask a neighbor for a roll of toilet paper. 
Stuff marshmallows in your mouth and sing "twinkle twinkle little star"
Eat a spoon full of mustard.
Stand on your head for 10 seconds.
Try to lick your elbow.
Do a crabwalk across the room.
Peel a banana using your feet.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk a straight line.
Keep a straight face as the other kids do their best to make you laugh for one minute.
Balance a spoon on your nose for 10 second.
Act like a gorilla and pretend to pick bugs out of your friend's hair.
Smell a dirty sock for ten seconds.
Sing your favorite song in a funny voice.
Have the other kids wrap you in toilet paper.
Bite into a lemon slice.
Go outside and pour a cup of ice cold water over your head.
Hold an ice cube in your hand until it melts.
Use lipstick and write the word "funky monkey" across your face. Keep it there at least an hour.
Eat a pudding cup without using your hands.
Go outside and yell "I believe in fairies" loudly three times while clapping your hands as fast as you can.
Sing the "I'm a little tea pot song". Do all the motions.
Eat a mouthful of crackers and then try and whistle.
Act out a favorite scene from a movie.
Spin around with your head on a bat 5 times and then jump rope.
Say the alphabet backwards as fast as you can.
Give every tree in the yard a big hug and tell each one that you love him.
For the next hour wear lampshade on your head for a hat.
Let the person standing closest to you do your make-up crazy. Keep it on for at least an hour.
Stick jelly between all your toes and leave it there for 20 minutes.
Draw a face on your stomach and make it go around and tell every person in the room to have a nice day.
Go into the front yard and do the chicken dance for one minute - Don't forget to bawk.
Run around wearing socks on your hands, pants for a shirt and a shirt for pants, for 3 minutes. 
After everything you say add "Whoa ... I'm good!" for the next 15 minutes.
Stand in your front yard, wave and say 'Hi!' to everyone you see.
Moonwalk across the room. 
Pretend that you are underwater for the next 10 minutes.
Act like a gorilla for one minute. 
Stick at least one curse word into every sentence for the rest of the game.
Seduce a member of the group.
Striptease for a minute.
Find the person in the group who was born closest to your time of birth and lick their face or let them lick yours.
Let the group look through your photos for a whole minute.
Send a dirty text to someone in your contacts of the group’s choosing.
Let the group draw a penis in permanent marker somewhere on your body.
Pole dance without the pole.
Do an impression of your favorite celebrity
Close your eyes and send a blind text to a random person
Go grab a broom and do your best tango
Give a 3 minute stand-up comedy routine
Break dance
Make up a story about the item to your right
Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth
Do your best president impression
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now
Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas
Pound on your chest and act like a gorilla for the next minute
Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes
Give a foot massage
Say the alphabet backwards in 15 seconds
Go up to someone random and ask for a hug
Set your cell phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes
Act like your favorite Disney character for the rest of the game
Sing 'Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star' while beat boxing
Give a concert with your air guitar
Make a poem using the words orange and moose
Unbuckle your own belt using your elbows
Twerk for a minute
Belly dance to a country song
Make up a country song of the top of your head
Get on all fours and act like a dog until your next turn
Make up a short rap about another player
Act like Romeo from 'Romeo and Juliet' (pick who you want to be Juliet)
Do an impression of someone until another player can guess who you are
Say 'ya heard meh' after everything you say for the next 5 minutes
Act like you do not understand your own language until your next turn (come up with your own language)
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them
Only use sign language for the next round
Do pushups until it's your turn again
Wear a finger moustache for the next 5 minutes
Only use your elbows and knees to go make a sandwich
Write a Facebook (or other social media) post only using your toes
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online
Paint your toenails only using your teeth
Prank call someone you know.
Go outside and shout at the top of your lungs,"I am [your name]! Hear me roar!"
Do the silliest dance that you can think of
Call someone random, and talk freaky to them
Email one of your professors and tell them you love them
Lick the wall
Try licking your elbow.
Crack an egg on your head.
Call your parents and tell them you're dropping out
Ask your crush out on a date
Put the socks of the person to your right in your mouth
Take a selfie with your finger up your nose
